{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Works Cited\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Barron, W. R. J. 
\i Trawthe and Treason: The Sin of Gawain Reconsidered
\i0 . Manchester: Manchester UP, 1980. Print.\
Brewer, Derek. \'93The Social Context of Medieval English Literature.\'94 
\i The New Pelican Guide to English Literature 1. Medieval Literature Part One: Chaucer and the Alliterative Tradition
\i0 . Ed. Boris Ford. London: Penguin, 1995. 15-40. Print.\
Burrow, J. A. 
\i A Reading of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
\i0 . London: Routledge, 1965. Print.\
Haines, Victor Yelverton. 
\i The Fortunate Fall of Sir Gawain: The Typology of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
\i0 . Washington, D.C: UP of America, 1982. Print.\
Jokinen, Anniiina. \'93Sir Gawain and the Green Knight.\'94 
\i Luminarium: Anthology of English Literature
\i0 . 28 Jan. 2010. Web. 4 Oct. 2010.\
Jones, Alfred. \'93Understanding Old English Poetry.\'94 
\i Time 
\i0 10 Oct. 2001: 50-62. Print.\
Kiteley, J. F. \'93The Knight Who Cared for His Life.\'94 
\i Critical Studies of Gawain and the Green Knight
\i0 . Ed. Donald R. Howard and Christian K. Zacher. Paris: U of Notre Dame P, 1968. 215-222. Print.\
---. \'93Re: Knights in Literature.\'94 Message to the author. 1 Oct. 2010. E-mail.\
Pearsall, Derek. 
\i Old English and Middle English Poetry
\i0 . London: Routledge, 1977. Print.\
Shepherd, Geoffrey. \'93The Nature of Alliterative Poetry in Late Medieval England.\'94 
\i \cf2 Proceedings of the British Academy
\i0  [New York] 56.1 (1970): 57-76. 
\i MLA International Bibliography
\i0 . Web. 3 Oct. 2010.\cf0 \
Thurby, Andrew and Samuel Gray. 
\i Heroes of Middle English Alliterative Poetry
\i0 . New York: DK, 2001. Print.}